even with the instrument,
Plus the price of this set,
it's still cost-effective.
If you ask me
which ingredients really blew up in the skincare market in 2025,
I’d have no hesitation
in giving my vote to salmon PDRN.
Many people think that
It’s just a newly popular internet celebrity.
but in fact, it is an old master.
In the nineties of the last century,
that is, more than thirty years ago,
it was officially listed as a medical injection material.
Later, it has been clinically verified.
It has its own unique effects,
postoperative repair,
anti-aging, and sensitive skin care,
it has its own unique effects.
The salmon water light needle factory
the parent company of REJURAN in South Korea.
The financial report in twenty twenty-five also shows that
most of their operating income
was contributed by this PRDN hyaluronic acid injection.
But what really made PDRN jump out of the clinic
became popular in the public eye.
is actually very simple.
is that the price of the raw material has dropped.
It used to be very expensive,
It was so expensive that only Valmont
and La Prairie could afford it.
over the past few years,
the improvement of production technology
and the scale of production has increased,
the raw material
has gradually decreased in price.
As a result,
these affordable brands
and functional ingredient brands
they can afford it.
they have added PDRN
have added it to their formulas.
So now you see this PDRN
occupying the market at an almost explosive growth rate.
especially in the Asia-Pacific region.
It's very popular, especially in the Asia-Pacific region.
Everyone knows that.
The bigger the wave,
the more people you’ll find swimming naked underneath.
The more popular an ingredient is,
the more opportunists
impostors,
the more liars and frauds will come in.
So in this video,
I want to talk to you in detail about
What is the actual function of PDRN?
If you want PDRN to work in skin care products,
what are the real conditions?
In this market, PDRN products
what are the outrageous pitfalls?
And among the PDRN products I have tested,
which are truly reliable?
The Chinese name of PDRN is Polydeoxyribonucleotide.
It refers to
a fragment of DNA within a certain molecular weight range.
What about the PDRN water light needles currently on our market?
It is extracted from salmon-derived germ cells
extracted DNA fragments.
For example, the most common one is the testis cells.
Note that it is not sperm,
but the spermatogonial cells.
Only the DNA carried by the testes cells is intact.
Only then can it extract a large number of high-quality DNA fragments.
When these DNA fragments enter the human body,
what can they do?
Let's start from what happens after PDRN enters the body.
Let's start with a point that many people misunderstand.
that is, the PDRN on the fish body.
after it enters the human body,
it cannot be used as it is.
That is to say, it cannot be used directly.
It must be broken down to the last step first,
before it can really start working.
We can understand it this way.
If we compare the complete DNA sequence
as a vine,
then this PDRN
is picked from this vine
a large bunch of grapes picked from it.
But this bunch of grapes
after we put them into our body,
it cannot be directly absorbed and utilized.
But it doesn't matter.
our body
has long been prepared for three knives.
These three knives are endonucleases,
exonucleases and nucleotidases.
The first knife, endonuclease,
cut the large bunch of grapes
into small bunches of grapes.
The second knife, exonucleases,
turns the small bunch of grapes
into individual grapes.
The third knife is nucleotidases,
is to remove the grape skin
peel off the grape skin
to become peeled grape flesh.
When it comes to the skinned grape flesh,
that is, the nucleosides.
The real biology of PDRN is really turned on.
The key is this step.
Nucleosides can precisely
bind to the A2A adenosine receptor in our body.
This receptor is like a switch.
When it is turned on,
it can help the skin fight inflammation,
help the skin repair itself,
Helps the skin regenerate and proliferate cells
and even upregulate the level of collagen production.
The visible effect is that
is that our wounds heal faster,
and sensitive skin repair faster.
The skin
and more elastic.
and more stable.
The A2A adenosine receptor is actually in our body.
There are thousands of them.
Normally,
the number of nucleosides in our body is limited.
it can only activate three or five switches.
But when PDRN is introduced from outside,
and is broken down into a large number of nucleotides,
it can simultaneously activate hundreds or thousands.
When the number of activations increases,
the overall effect will also be amplified.
And this is not the only function of PDRN.
In the process of disassembling PDRN,
it won't complete one hundred percent at each step.
It will leave some intermediate products.
And these intermediates
will not be wasted.
For example, when we perform self-proliferation
and regeneration,
it needs materials.
The intermediate products on the PDRN decomposition route
It is a key material for cell regeneration and proliferation
It means that it can not only turn on the self-healing switch
but also provide materials for the self-healing process.
That's exactly why PDRN-based hydrodermic injections
have enjoyed enduring popularity over the years.
and everyone who uses it says it's good.
Okay, the principle is explained.
Now we know what PDRN does.
If we put the PDRN ingredient
into skin care products,
will it have such good effects?
Here comes the question.
The mentioned efficacy of PDRN
refers to its effects only
What happens after it has been put into our body.
Medical beauty water light needle, it is injected.
So it doesn't have this worry.
But when this ingredient is transferred to skin care products,
it is an external application,
it will face a big problem,
which is the problem of transdermal absorption.
This is the first pit that PDRN skincare products
called the pit of non-absorption.
PDRN is actually quite a large molecular weight
tens of thousands,
or even millions.
At this molecular weight,
the skin is not easy to absorb.
And there is a fatal point.
Let's review the structure of the skin.
The outermost layer is called the stratum corneum.
It is a layer of dead cells.
In the dead cells,
there is no
the three knives that can disassemble PDRN.
If the external PDRN is to work
it must be absorbed into the living cell layer.
that is, at least to the third layer of stratum spinosum,
it can encounter the three knives that dismantle itself.
That is to say, topical PDRN
it not only needs to enter
but also go deep enough,
to be effective.
On the contrary,
If a PDRN skin care product
It doesn't advertise any absorption technology.
and does not provide any absorption data and reports,
then it is likely
it uses PDRN as a buzzword
to brag.
If a PDRN skin care product
it claims to have an absorption technology,
how can we judge its authenticity?
There is a trick.
We went to see it.
Product introduction or website
Did you do a test in it?
called Raman spectra.
Raman spectra is a branch of chemistry,
biology and medicine.
which is a very common one.
to verify the depth of material absorption.
When it is combined with a microscope,
we can use the absorption signal it returns
to draw a contour map of the substance's absorption.
If you plan to buy this product,
on its official website or introduction materials,
provides this report,
and this data graph,
and the report is real,
On the website of the report,
we can find the report number.
It means that the substance is not in vain.
its ingredients can be absorbed.
and its credibility has also been greatly improved.
Of course,
There are other methods to verify absorption.
such as franzcell,
fluorescence microscopy, and so on.
But Raman spectrais indeed more cost-effective
and it is also accurate.
If you are interested in a product
it uses other methods to measure absorption,
and you're not sure if it's reliable,
you can ask me in the comment section.
Okay, actually,
we are all based on the premise that the merchant is honest
he really adds this PDRN raw material
into the formula to make the product.
on the premise that
On the contrary,
Could it be fake?
This brings us to the second pit of PDRN products
which is misnomer.
Just like the scientific names of animals and plants
have scientific names in Latin.
In the cosmetics industry,
there is also a world-unified nomenclature list,
叫做INCI List：International Nomenclature of Cosmetic Ingredients
That is to say, no matter which country in the world
as long as they develop cosmetics,
they must use the ingredients in this list to register.
And our protagonist today, PDRN,
Coincidentally, it is not on this list.
So how can the ingredients not on the list
how can they be legally used in skin care products?
Raw material companies came up with a solution.
They picked from this list
they found a very similar one in terms of properties and names.
and named it sodium DNA.
Because PDRN is a fragment of DNA
so they picked one from the names related to DNA.
and picked one.
and chose sodium DNA.
And then he put this so-called ‘DNA sodium hat’ on pdrn.
Now PDRN can be legally marketed.
But this also left a big loophole in the law
left a big loophole in the regulations.
Because in the cosmetics raw material industry,
there is already a substance called sodium DNA.
Its molecular weight can be large or small.
Mostly used to form a film on the skin surface
and for moisturizing.
It means two substances with completely different effects
share the same name.
So those products that originally added DNA sodium
they saw that PDRN was famous,
we still have the same name.
They can't miss the opportunity.
But they dare not break the law
or say it directly.
So they make up some ambiguous slogans,
such as salmon homology,
same as the hospital,
similar to the hospital's.
and so on, and the rest is up to the user's imagination.
The user thinks he has got a great deal,
and spend very little money
and bought a good product of the same type as the hospital.
But in fact,
they are deceived.
What are the good ways to identify this kind of scam?
I'll give you some tips.
Although the price of PDRN raw materials has dropped a lot,
it is still a technical job.
So the brands that really add PDRN products
will promote their technicality.
such as what patents it uses,
or which big factory
or under which technology the PDRN raw material is.
If a PDRN product
It promoted concepts such as the same origin of salmon and the same style of cinema
but doesn't mention any technology,
or any patents,
and the product is sold at a very low price,
it's probably a fraud.
In this case,
Speaking of this,
although they are lying to you,
but it is still within the legal scope.
Let's talk about some more serious ones.
This time, in order to explain PDRN to you,
I selected a dozen PDRN skin care products
I selected more than a dozen PDRN skin care products.
I measured their content and source.
After getting the test results,
things started to become increasingly absurd.
There is a type
has more style than science.
I found that
the PDRN they used came from Oncorhynchus keta,
but they advertise themselves
is from Salmo salar.
Maybe it's just my guess,
Because when we eat salmon sashimi
when we eat salmon sashimi,
Salmo salar sashimi is more expensive.
while Oncorhynchus keta is cheaper.
so they want to show that they are more classy.
so he wrote that.
But in fact, for the function of PDRN
Salmo salar and Oncorhynchus keta
there is no distinction between them.
their functions are the same.
This is a bit dishonest.
Although it doesn't cause any loss to us,
but it forcibly elevates its style
to sell more.
This kind of behavior is really low.
The second type
is that when promoting their products,
they all claim to be salmon.
but their sources are diverse.
all kinds of sources.
some from flowers,
and even from birds.
but not fish,
or even salmon.
I don't think it's strange that they come from different sources.
After all, PDRN
can be extracted from any biological body.
This is just trying to ride on the popularity of salmon.
But currently,
PDRN from salmon
has more comprehensive evidence.
while other sources of PDRN
we need separate clinical tests to prove
to prove its efficacy.
whether it can achieve
the same effect as salmon.
Among them,
there is one that really shocked me.
I still think there must be something wrong with my test.
That's why I saw such a result.
Because after the test,
I compared this sequence with the database,
the most similar species was human.
It's outrageous mom opens the door for outrageous
It's outrageous.
And then there's even more.
there was none at all.
That is, from this sample,
I couldn't extract any
any substance related to DNA.
All the products I selected this time
were all from large shopping websites,
such as Amazon.
with high sales volume
and relatively well-known products.
I sent them all to
to qualified third-party testing institutions
for testing.
Among them,
half of them
all have the problems of
different issues of false advertising.
So here, I only represent my personal position and views.
I only talk about the products that I tested
honest products to share with you.
First of all,
the products tested in this time
are based on the products available by the end of twenty twenty-five.
products available on the market.
First is VALMONT Crème Merveilleuse Ultimate regenerating cream.
Its content is not low,
which is the effective addition.
And the result of the source test is indeed
it is indeed Acipenser fulvescens.
This product
It's expensive,
but it is indeed well-made.
The second is AMIRO HydraGlow BoosterRed Light & Microcurrent + PDRN Serum kit.
This is actually what I think
quite an interesting product combination.
Because it is sold with a photoelectric beauty device together.
What about the brand AMIRO?
It was originally designed to make this kind of photoelectric instrument
and home beauty devices.
But it's a coincidence.
as we just mentioned,
PDRN has a relatively large molecular weight.
It originally had an absorption threshold.
but when it is paired with a photoelectric beauty device,
the effect of the microcurrent and LED light
it can promote local circulation
to promote the absorption of PDRN.
In this way,
the absorption rate increases,
and the product's efficacy has also improved.
For the PDRN essence they sell in a set,
this PDRN essence
I also tested the content and source.
The content is not low,
and it's effective.
The source is Oncorhynchus keta,
which is also a serious salmon source.
The third one is Pier Auge Douce Aura The Resourcing Treatment Mask.
As a mask,
I didn't have high expectations at first.
because the category of applied masks
often with conceptual additions.
But after testing this product,
I found that its content is still good.
The content is quite high.
and the source is also the Oncorhynchus keta.
The fourth one is a popular brand on the market.
which is REJURAN.
and their consistent patents
and papers, which are consistent.
They also come from Oncorhynchus keta.
and the content is also acceptable.
The fifth one is a brand from Taiwan,
It‘s name is DR. WU.
They have a new PDRN water essence.
which has a high content.
and even ranked in the top few of the formula list.
I also tested its content.
which is indeed high.
The source is also Oncorhynchus keta.
There are also two products.
If you can buy products in the mainland,
I also recommend these two.
One is UNISKIN smiling eye cream.
which contains PDRN
which is derived from Salmo salar.
with a high content.
and the absorption is also verified by data.
The other one is JUMIYA DNA Sodium Shaping Repairing Essence.
Its source is Oncorhynchus keta.
and the content is not low.
Now, some products are emerging on the market
advertising themselves as fermented sources,
or plant-based PDRN products.
My opinion is that
as long as the source is clear,
not lying, not exaggerating,
with verified and data-backed efficacy,
and absorption has been tested,
it is worth trying.
So I will continue to sample
and continue to test for you.
Later,
If there is reliable product information update,
I will post it in the member area's post bar.
The skin care market is constantly evolving.
and I have been paying attention.
Soon, it will be the annual
in-cosmetics global.
If there are any ingredients or issues  you’d like me to pay special attention to,
You can leave me a message in the comments.
I will bring your questions
to attend this in-cosmetics global.
and try to bring back the information you are interested in.
I'm the formulator Xingxing.
If you like my channel,
and if you think what I said is helpful to you,
please like, subscribe, and join me.